chore: remove CommComm from GITHUB_ORG_MANAGEMENT_POLICY.md (#634)
nodejs/admin: GITHUB_ORG_MANAGEMENT_POLICY.md

To remove any current member from the GitHub organization, an issue must be
opened in the Node.js admin repository. If, after 72 hours, there are no
objections from any TSC members, removal becomes automatic. If there are 

> objections, then simple majority votes of each of the Technical Steering

Reviewer: ```suggestion
objections, then a vote of the Technical Steering
```

> Committee in favor of removal are required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Committee in favor of removal is required.
```

A new request is required each time an application is enabled or a secret is 
added for a new repository even if it has been done before.

> The request must be approved by at least three TSC members and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The request must be approved by at least two TSC members and
```

be open for a minimum of 7 days before landing.

For GitHub Apps already used in the Org, or for secrets already used in other
repositories in the Org, the request can be fast-tracked. To fast-track, add
the `fast-track` label to the request, and leave a comment which must contain:
a) a link showing how the GitHub App or the secret being requested is already 
in use, and b) ask for approvals to fast-track the request. Two members of the 

> TSC must approve the fast track request. Fast-tracked requests require only 
> need one approval from the TSC, and the request must  remain open for 72 hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TSC must approve the fast track request. Fast-tracked requests require only 
one approval from the TSC, and the request must remain open for 72 hours.
```
